“Curiouser and curiouser!” cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
kind to them,” thought Alice, “or perhaps they won’t walk the way I
     Alice’s love_).
Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
“You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” said Alice, “a great girl like
great hurry, muttering to himself as he came, “Oh! the Duchess, the
Duchess! Oh! won’t she be savage if I’ve kept her waiting!” Alice felt
Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
“I’m sure those are not the right words,” said poor Alice, and her eyes
here till I’m somebody else’—but, oh dear!” cried Alice, with a sudden
“That _was_ a narrow escape!” said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
railway,” she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
“I wish I hadn’t cried so much!” said Alice, as she swam about, trying
“Would it be of any use, now,” thought Alice, “to speak to this mouse?
of swimming about here, O Mouse!” (Alice thought this must be the right
“Perhaps it doesn’t understand English,” thought Alice; “I daresay it’s
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
fright. “Oh, I beg your pardon!” cried Alice hastily, afraid that she
“Well, perhaps not,” said Alice in a soothing tone: “don’t be angry
quiet thing,” Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about
pardon!” cried Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all
“I won’t indeed!” said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: “There is such a nice little dog near
it kills all the rats and—oh dear!” cried Alice in a sorrowful tone,
was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice
